#### Build users

##### for test
Add faker to test/test_helper.rb
```rb
...
require 'faker'
...
```

Create users_controller
```
 rails g controller api::v1::users
```

#### Create controller method
/app/controllers/api/v1/users_controller.rb
```rb
def show
  render json: User.find(params[:id])
end
```

#### Add route
/config/routes.rb
```rb
namespace :v1 do
  resources :users, only: [:show]
end
```

#### Create test
/test/controllers/api/v1/users_controller_test.rb
```rb
setup do
  @user = User.create! email: Faker::Internet.email, password_digest: Faker::Alphanumeric.alphanumeric(number: 10)
end

test "should show user" do
  get api_v1_user_url(@user), as: :json
  assert_response :success

  json_response = JSON.parse(self.response.body)
  assert_equal @user.email, json_response['email']
end
```


#### Test
```sh
togi@togi market_place_api % rake test
Run options: --seed 35673

# Running:

....

Finished in 0.265083s, 15.0896 runs/s, 18.8620 assertions/s.
4 runs, 5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors, 0 skips
```

#### Test with curl or postman.
Just do it.

###### [Previous: Presenting users](./2.user_model.md)
###### [Next: Create user](./4.createuser.md)
---
### Common HTTP codes
The first digit of the status code specifies one of the five
response classes. The bare minimum for an HTTP client is that it
uses one of these five classes. Here is a list of commonly used
HTTP codes:
- 200: Standard response for successful HTTP requests. This is
usually on GET requests
- 201: The demand was met and resulted in the creation of a new
resource. After the POST requests
- 204: The server has successfully processed the request, but does
not return any content. This is usually a successful DELETE
request.
- 400: The request cannot be executed due to bad syntax. Can
happen for any type of request.
- 401: Similar to 403, but specifically for use when
authentication is required and has failed or has not yet been
provided. Can happen for any type of request.
- 404: The requested resource could not be found but may be
available again in the future. Usually concerns GET requests
- 500: A generic error message, given when an unexpected
condition has been encountered and no other specific message is
appropriate.
